EEI4369 Mobile App User Manual Outline
Title Page: (Page Limit – 1 Page)
Include the title of the report, the name of the university, course name and code, student names,
registration number, MS Teams group number and date
Table of Contents: (Page Limit – 1 Page)
List all the main sections and subsections with corresponding page numbers.
Chapters
1. Introduction and Problem Statement (Page Limit – 1 Page)

Brief introduction to the app.
Overview of the real-world problem the app addresses.
Target users and the context in which the app will be used.
2. Proposed Solution / Your App Overview (Page Limit – 1 Page)

Description of the mobile app solution.
Key features and functionalities.
Goals and objectives of the app.
3. Mind Map of App Functions (Page Limit – 1 Pages)

Visual mind map showing the structure and flow of the app.
Overview of - Main Modules/ Sub-functions/ Navigation logic
4. Implementation Details (Page Limit – 2 Pages)

Technologies Used: Front-end (Android Studio)/Back-end (e.g.Firebase)
Database Used: MySQL, MongoDB, Firebase Firestore, etc.
APIs & Integrations: 3rd party APIs or custom APIs used
5. GitHub Repository - (Page Limit – 1 Pages)

Link to the source code
Repository structure
Setup instructions
6. How to Use the App (User Guide) (Page Limit – 15 Pages)

Step-by-step navigation through the app:
Home Page / Welcome Screen

Sign Up / Registration Page
Login Page
Main Dashboard
Feature 1: Description + UI Screenshot
Feature 2: Description + UI Screenshot
Settings / Profile
Logout
flow.
Each screen includes: Screenshot, Description of UI elements, Explanation of business
7. Testing and Results (Page Limit – 3 Pages)

Types of testing performed: Unit testing, Integration testing, User testing
Results and feedback
Known issues (if any)
8. Conclusion (Page Limit – 1 Page)

Summary of the app’s value
Impact of the app on solving the identified problem
Future improvements or roadmap
9. References (Page Limit – 1 Page)
●Cite all the sources, frameworks, libraries, and research materials referenced throughout
the report using an appropriate citation style.
10. Appendix (Page Limit – 1 Page)
●Include any supplementary materials, such as additional code snippets, diagrams, user
manuals, or any other relevant documentation. If you have any additional documents
please link them as a URL
Formatting Settings of the Report

Font: Times New Roman
Paper size: A4
Headings : Font Size 14, Bold, Left aligned
Sub headings: Font size 12, Bold, Left aligned
Please do not add any code snippets to the report.
Maximum page count 30 pages.
If you have any additional documents please link them as a URL.